Doc clarification regarding Logstash and OpenShift SCC in ECK 3.4.0+ (#9552)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/breaking-changes.md

**Action**<br> Ensure that cluster nodes have sufficient memory to accommodate the increased default. If you have explicitly set a memory limit in the {{product.kibana}} `podTemplate`, the memory limit change does not affect you. However, if you have set a memory limit lower than 2Gi, be aware that {{product.kibana}} 9.4.0+ may experience OOM crashes due to the increased V8 heap usage.
::::

> ::::{dropdown} Rolling restart of APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods during operator upgrade ECK 3.4.0 sets `seccompProfile` to `RuntimeDefault` on the pod security context for APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry workloads, triggering a rolling restart during the operator upgrade. This change is applied when the `--set-default-security-context` operator flag is `true`, or when using the default `auto-detect` value on a non-OpenShift Kubernetes cluster. With `auto-detect`, ECK detects the environment and suppresses the injection of default security contexts on OpenShift.

Reviewer: <img width="892" height="684" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d801461-f5f2-48e3-99f4-973bc7dc6903" />

This is too long for the dropdown title.

Reviewer: Also sentence structure seems somewhat redundant: "Rolling restart ... during operator upgrade ... triggering a rolling restart during operator upgrade.

**Impact**<br> APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods will be restarted as part of the operator upgrade on clusters where `--set-default-security-context` is `true` or `auto-detect` (default) on non-OpenShift Kubernetes. On OpenShift, `auto-detect` suppresses this change for all workloads.

> **Action**<br> No action required for standard Kubernetes deployments. If you are running on OpenShift, refer to [known issues](./known-issues.md) for a Logstash-specific issue where the flag is incorrectly ignored.

Reviewer: Building on @pkoutsovasilis's suggestion: the body currently sits on the same line as the `{dropdown}` title (unlike the {{es}} and {{product.kibana}} entries above, which put the body on the next line). Move it to its own line so the title can't absorb the paragraph, and tighten the wording.

```suggestion
::::{dropdown} Rolling restart of APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods during operator upgrade
ECK 3.4.0 sets `seccompProfile: RuntimeDefault` on APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods, triggering a rolling restart during the operator upgrade. This applies when `--set-default-security-context` is `true`, or `auto-detect` (the default) on non-OpenShift clusters. On OpenShift, `auto-detect` suppresses the injection.

**Impact**<br> These pods restart during the operator upgrade wherever the security context is injected (flag `true`, or `auto-detect` on non-OpenShift). OpenShift is unaffected.

**Action**<br> No action required on standard Kubernetes. On OpenShift, see [known issues](./known-issues.md) for a Logstash-specific case where the flag is incorrectly ignored.
```

**Action**<br> Ensure that cluster nodes have sufficient memory to accommodate the increased default. If you have explicitly set a memory limit in the {{product.kibana}} `podTemplate`, the memory limit change does not affect you. However, if you have set a memory limit lower than 2Gi, be aware that {{product.kibana}} 9.4.0+ may experience OOM crashes due to the increased V8 heap usage.
::::

::::{dropdown} Rolling restart of Logstash pods during operator upgrade on OpenShift
ECK 3.4.0 includes changes that modify the Logstash pod spec, including setting `seccompProfile` to `RuntimeDefault`, triggering a rolling restart of Logstash pods during the operator upgrade.

**Impact**<br> Logstash pods will be restarted as part of the operator upgrade. On OpenShift clusters using a non-default SCC such as `anyuid` — which does not permit explicit seccomp configuration — Logstash pods may fail to be scheduled after the restart. Refer to [known issues](./known-issues.md) for details and a workaround.

**Action**<br> No action required for standard deployments. If you are running on OpenShift with a non-default SCC, review the known issue and apply the workaround before upgrading.

> ::::

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest a broader framing. The rolling restart and the seccomp injection come from PR #9012, which affected more than just Logstash: APM Server, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry were all updated in the same way. The current entry also scopes the restart to OpenShift, but the rolling restart actually happens on all Kubernetes clusters — OpenShift is specifically where pods get rejected due to the SCC conflict (which is correctly captured in the known issue).

```suggestion
::::{dropdown} Rolling restart of APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods during operator upgrade ECK 3.4.0 sets `seccompProfile` to `RuntimeDefault` on the pod security context for APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry workloads, triggering a rolling restart during the operator upgrade. This change is applied when the `--set-default-security-context` operator flag is `true`, or when using the default `auto-detect` value on a non-OpenShift Kubernetes cluster. With `auto-detect`, ECK detects the environment and suppresses the injection of default security contexts on OpenShift.

**Impact**<br> APM Server, Logstash, Elastic Maps Server, and Package Registry pods will be restarted as part of the operator upgrade on clusters where `--set-default-security-context` is `true` or `auto-detect` (default) on non-OpenShift Kubernetes. On OpenShift, `auto-detect` suppresses this change for all workloads.

**Action**<br> No action required for standard Kubernetes deployments. If you are running on OpenShift, refer to [known issues](./known-issues.md) for a Logstash-specific issue where the flag is incorrectly ignored.
::::
```

Author: Thank you @pkoutsovasilis for the comment and the very clear suggestion! ❤️ 
It's much more clear now.
